README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).


## Folder Structure

The folder structure is : 

```
weatherApp/
  README.md
  node_modules/
  package.json
  public/
    index.html
    favicon.ico
  src/
    actions
    components
    config
    containers
    reducers
    index.css
    index.js
    Root.js
    setupTests.js
```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

## following are the modules used :
 1. create-react-app starter kit
 2. Axios to make aysncronous network calls.
 3. OpenWeatherMap API to get weather forecast for 5 days.
 4. React Places autocomplete to get the location data such as lat and longitude.
 5. react-modal to show the modal
 6. react-google-maps to show the google map
 7. JEST and Enzyme for snapshot and unit test cases

## Future Enhancements :
 1. More security features
 2. layout enhancements
 3. mobile devices support

Commit message:

updated readme with methods to select the weather popup.

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).


## Folder Structure

The folder structure is : 

```
weatherApp/
  README.md
  node_modules/
  package.json
  public/
    index.html
    favicon.ico
  src/
    actions
    components
    config
    containers
    reducers
    index.css
    index.js
    Root.js
    setupTests.js
```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

Select the location by searching via the searchbar at the top.
click on the marker to know the weather pattern for the next five days including todays.


### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

## following are the modules used :
 1. create-react-app starter kit
 2. Axios to make aysncronous network calls.
 3. OpenWeatherMap API to get weather forecast for 5 days.
 4. React Places autocomplete to get the location data such as lat and longitude.
 5. react-modal to show the modal
 6. react-google-maps to show the google map
 7. JEST and Enzyme for snapshot and unit test cases

## Future Enhancements :
 1. More security features
 2. layout enhancements
 3. mobile devices support
